[IR] llvm.reloc.none intrinsic for no-op symbol references (#147427)
llvm/llvm-project: llvm/docs/LangRef.rst

operand and should try to preserve the intrinsic and its position in the
function.

.. _llvm_reloc_none:

'``llvm.reloc.none``' Intrinsic
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Syntax:
"""""""

::

      declare void @llvm.reloc.none(ptrty %ptr)

Overview:
"""""""""

The ``llvm.reloc.none`` intrinsic emits a no-op relocation against a given
operand symbol. This can bring the symbol
definition into the link without emitting any code or data to the binary for

> that purpose.

Author: The reason being... I had no idea you could do that! This is essentially my first time monkeying in the IR; I've been a backend/linker jocky for the most part. But thanks, that does seem a lot semantically simpler. I'll make the change throughout the PR chain and report back here.

Arguments:
""""""""""

> The ``llvm.fake.use`` intrinsic takes one argument, which may be any global

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``llvm.reloc.none`` intrinsic takes one argument, which may be any global
```

Author: Done.

operand and should try to preserve the intrinsic and its position in the
function.

.. _llvm_reloc_none:

'``llvm.reloc.none``' Intrinsic
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Syntax:
"""""""

::

>       declare void @llvm.reloc.none(ptrty %ptr)

Reviewer 2: Signature doesn't match the new metadata version

Author: Ah thanks; done.
